Add improvements to User Management concept doc. (#2632)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/references/concepts/user-management/users.md

- Using SCIM APIs - Users can be added to the user management system by giving the necessary user details as input values in a SCIM request. 

- Self-registration - Users can register themselves using the self-sign up portal. This is convenient to both the user and the admin.  

- Importing users in bulk - In addition to manually adding individual users, multiple users can be imported in bulk. This is usually done by first exporting all the relevant user details to a comma-separated values (.csv) file or Microsoft Excel (.xls) file, and then importing this file with all the information to the user management system. 

---

## Update users

User details might need to be updated from time to time to maintain the precision of data in the user management system. For example, when the user communicates a change in any of the user profile details like the user's email address or phone number, it can be updated by the admin using the user management console, or a SCIM request with the new values. It can also be updated by users themselves if there is a user portal application provided by the user management system. 

---

## Search users 

> Once users have been added to the system, they can be searched via the console, or using SCIM requests. A number of filters can be used to find a user or multiple users faster. For example, entering a username pattern will provide all the usernames that match that pattern as search results. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once users have been added to the system, they can be searched via the console, or using SCIM requests. A number of filters can be used to find a user or multiple users faster. For example, entering a username pattern will provide all the usernames that match that pattern in the search result. 
```
